Update 01-04-2023-version-control-your-retool-app.md (#3)
dolthub/cold-marketing: 01-04-2023-version-control-your-retool-app.md

---

Subject: "Make Retool Better with Database Version Control"
Date: "2023-01-04"
ICP: "VP ENG, CTO, Devs"
Market: "Any company using Retool"

---

# First Email

`Greeting` 

> As a Retool user, you know firsthand the power of low-code solutions for creating internal tools. But have you ever encountered the challenge of accidentally making changes to your production database? Maybe today you work off of a copy or a backup to avoid that problem. But how do you manage changes to your database?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Retool user, you know the power of low-code solutions for creating internal tools. But have you ever accidentally changed your production database? Maybe today you work off of a copy or a backup to avoid that problem. But how do you manage changes to your database?
```
